The creeper has been getting a ton of
hate lately, and I'm here to defend it.
Mojang recently said that based on their
current design rules, they wouldn't add
the creeper to modern Minecraft, and
it's caused a lot of people to criticize
the creeper. But I think the creeper is
the perfect mob. Most mobs in Minecraft
have the same strategy for fighting
them. Just run at them swinging your
sword, and it's really boring. But the
creeper is unique because it blows up if
you stay near it, which makes the player
fight it by strategically retreating
before hitting it again. And the creeper
compliments other mobs so well because
while a skeleton alone isn't very
threatening, when a creeper is next to
it, it becomes a much more unique
challenge. Next, the creeper makes the
player feel more than any other mob.
When you see and kill a zombie, you
probably feel nothing. But a creeper can
scare almost any player and can make
them mad by blowing up their stuff. And
these feelings are a good thing because
they make it so much more satisfying
when you kill one. And finally,
Minecraft is a game about building. So,
an enemy that tries to stop you from
building is the perfect enemy.